Thanks :)
what follows is a guide to the installation of Forge and the Mods we will be using for those who are inexperienced in modding Java Minecraft.
***IMPORTANT*** DO THIS BEFORE PLAYING
After doing all this, your minecraft will need more RAM allocated to it. Luckily, this is literally the easiest thing.
Open your minecraft launcher, and select "edit" from the drop down menu next to your Forge Version in Installations. There, you will click "more options" at the bottom, where you will see a line of text called JVM Adjustments. Simply edit the first part of that line of text (-Xmx2G-whatever whatever) and replace that 2 with the number of however many Gigabytes of ram youd like allocated. Personally, i use 20, but that is up to you.
1) Install a Forge Version in your Minecraft (Specifically, forge version 1.19.2-43.2.14) by downloading this file, and then ***running it***. This file does not enter your minecraft folder, as it is an *installer*.
2) Run your minecraft. It should automatically have that Forge version you just insalled as your current (or an available) installation in the menu accessed by the top row of tabs. Make sure you have that Version selected, and boot your minecraft. Doing this will manifest a Mods folder, which you can either access while minecraft is running through the "open mods folder" button, or by simply pressing Win+R and typing in %appdata%, followed by navigating to your .minecraft folder. Note that Minecraft will need to be closed or restarted for any updates to this folder to occur.3) After accessing your Mods folder, you will simply need to download the folder named "Mods (1)" from the Github address and drag the files from that folder into your mods folder. Its that easy. Restart (or start) your minecraft, mods should be loaded.
An optional, client side mod is Optifine. It allows you to use Shaders and makes the game look better. To install it, simply download Optifine 1.19.2_HD_U_I2, which will also be provided on the github (Or can be downloaded directly from https://optifine.net/downloads)
DO NOT RUN THE INSTALLER FOR OPTIFINE. SIMPLY PUT IT INTO YOUR MODS FOLDER WITH THE OTHER MODS.
